Welcome back my history.
So we were able to do the insertion here let's go ahead and do the update so that you can see how this
is done even though you guys have this already I'm pretty sure super simple right.
So look if we go back here all you doing is basically the same thing over again with the update.
OK.
You were placed in this holding.
OK taking that and you put it right there.
Let me just take the whole thing here.
OK.
But of course we're not doing it here.
We've got to do it in the one below are here
and let's take this whole thing
in place right here.
Now I want you to take a look at this.
You see that what is it taking stake in a string there.
So we replace it with this and let's look at a cat title and cat ID that's always taking so to.
Simple as that.
What's the next step.
Once you prepare go back you bind the program.
Let's take the whole thing there
let's make sure we have that.
We have our connection.
Yes.
OK.
So we've passed a statement.
We know that the first one is a string because it's the cat tied All right.
And then the cat ID which is an integer.
So if what I hear got titles is first one cat ID is the second one.
Simple as that.
And then you execute it here.
OK.
Now we don't have to do this anymore.
Guys remember that because that's why we used how we send the Querrey before we're not doing that anymore.
And then you can take this statement here and you can put it right here.
You see how simple that was.
And now your application is like a million times more secure.
You save that.
And if you one of the one of these guys
now updating the show we see that come back here let's check it out real quick.
So returning the same data so all they category cat set as well.
So we're passing in to your cat.
The Apache I'm pretty sure the cat title is different.
I wonder why you don't like that.
Strange.
There we go.
You might want to refresh our page as well as we see
the we have a function with how a redirect function here.
Yes we do.
We can use this function here.
We believe if this is included in the admin header I mean check these out real quick admin.
Header.
Yeah I think we can use that function there.
So let's use the redirect function and we want this to go to categories that Ph be.
Let's see if this works here.
Real quick
saving this added this.
And let's take the s out of date and it works.
Any refreshes.
OK.
So there you have it.
Simple as that.
You can do this for the rest.
We are ready to fetch within insertion.
And we did update.
So you're good to go.
There's nothing else for you to know here unless you want to go into depth about prepare statements.
Now keep in mind that this is a procedural way we can also do this in an object oriented way but that's
for an object oriented course.
OK.
So I'm going to be probably updating some of my courses with prepared statements and PTO.
So keep tuned for that.
I hope you guys appreciate this.
I hope you guys are happy.
And my goal here is to give you value.
Thank you.
See you in the next lectures.
Take care